Tune the intro (#387)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/overview/about.mdx

## Introduction

> The SAP Cloud SDK is a versatile set of libraries and tools for developers to build applications in a cloud-native way and deliver them via the SAP Business Technology Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SAP Cloud SDK is a versatile set of libraries and tools for developers to build cloud-native applications on the SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP).
```

> Our goal is to simplify the life of developers working in the SAP ecosystem by abstracting the complexities of the SAP BTP and letting them keep the focus on the application's business logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our goal is to abstracting the complexities of the SAP BTP and letting developers focus on the application's business logic.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Our goal is to simplify the life of developers working in the SAP ecosystem.
We're abstracting the complexities of the SAP BTP and letting you keep the focus on the application's business logic.
```

We continuously improve the SAP Cloud SDK in short release cycles to keep up with the enormous speed of changes in cloud development.

> By choosing the SAP Cloud SDK you also chose a curated set of standards and best development practices allowing for a fail-safe, agile, and streamlined software delivery process.

Reviewer: For me "fail-safe" means having a plan B but I think here you meant resilient to failure so I suggest to replace it with resilient (or another word that makes this clearer)
```suggestion
By choosing the SAP Cloud SDK, you also choose a curated set of standards and development best practices allowing for a resilient, agile, and streamlined software delivery process.
```

> By choosing the SAP Cloud SDK you also chose a carefully selected set of standards and best development practices allowing for a fail-safe, agile, and streamlined software delivery process.

Author: ```suggestion
By choosing the SAP Cloud SDK you also chose a curated set of standards and best development practices allowing for a fail-safe, agile, and streamlined software delivery process.
```

> To make sure you get a kick start into developing wiht the SAP Cloud SDK we relentlessly update this documentation and run [community events](../community/community-call.mdx).

Author: ```suggestion
To make sure you get a kick start into developing with the SAP Cloud SDK we relentlessly update this documentation and run [community events](../community/community-call.mdx).
```

> To make sure you get a kick start into developing with the SAP Cloud SDK we relentlessly update this documentation and run [community events](../community/community-call.mdx).

Reviewer: Relentless means "unceasingly intense" (as defined by google) which is not wrong but may sound too aggressive. I think regularly gives the same meaning without the aggressive tone (but also a bit weaker promise...)

```suggestion
To make sure you get a kick start into developing with the SAP Cloud SDK, we regularly update this documentation and run [community events](../community/community-call.mdx).
```

> Welcome on board! Yours, Cloud SDK Team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome on board! 
```
or if the sign off is necessary, put it on a separate line.

## Introduction

The SAP Cloud SDK is a versatile set of libraries and tools for developers to build cloud-native applications on the SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP).
Our goal is to simplify the life of developers working in the SAP ecosystem.

> We're abstracting the complexities of the SAP BTP and letting you keep the focus on the application's business logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're abstracting the complexities of the SAP BTP and letting you focus on the application's business logic.
```
